Lazy resampling entry for whats_new_1_2 (#6590)
Project-MONAI/MONAI: docs/source/whatsnew_1_2.md

the exact implementations of a patch inference may vary, the overall process of splitting, running inference, and merging the results remains the same.
In this release, we have created a modular design for patch inference, which defines the overall process while abstracting away the specific
behavior of how to split the image into patches, how to pre and post process each patch, and how to merge the output patches.

> ## Lazy resampling for preprocessing
> Lazy Resampling is a new, experimental feature for preprocessing. It works under
> the hood along with MONAI transforms to concatenate together adjacent spatial and
> cropping transforms. This allows MONAI to reduce the number of resamples
> that your pipeline undergoes. Depending on your preprocessing pipeline, it can potentially:
> 
> * reduce processing time
> * reduce processing memory
> * reduce incidental artifacts added by resampling
> * preserve data that would otherwise be cropped and replaced with padding
> 
> Lazy Resampling pipelines can use a mixture of MONAI and non-MONAI transforms, so
> should work with almost all existing pipelines simply by setting `lazy=True`
> on MONAI `Compose` instances.  Please see the
> [Lazy Resampling topic](https://docs.monai.io/en/stable/lazy_resampling.html)
> in the documentation for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Lazy Resampling for preprocessing
Lazy Resampling is a new, experimental feature for preprocessing. It works under
the hood along with MONAI transforms to combine adjacent spatial and
cropping transforms into a single operation. This allows MONAI to reduce the number of image resamples
 a pipeline undergoes. Depending on the preprocessing pipeline, it can potentially:

* reduce processing time
* reduce processing memory
* reduce incidental artifacts added by resampling
* preserve data that would otherwise be cropped and replaced with padding

Lazy Resampling pipelines can use a mixture of MONAI and non-MONAI transforms, so
should work with almost all existing pipelines simply by setting `lazy=True`
on MONAI `Compose` instances.  See the
[Lazy Resampling topic](https://docs.monai.io/en/stable/lazy_resampling.html)
in the documentation for more details.
```

My suggestions.

Author: @ericspod please change image to data and then i'll auto accept this change
